README.MD, before:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/p6reklem37iyf0on?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/HyperGabe/discord-data-package-parser)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/HyperGabe/DiscordBot-SCP-079/blob/master/LICENSE)
# Discord Data Package Parser
An application that can parse through the discord data package onto a GUI to make it easier to read. [Learn more](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004957991-Your-Discord-Data-Package)

## Overview
This is an application that I have made using the WPF application with the [.NET Framework 4.7.2](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-framework-runtime)  
(This does mean it is currently only compatible for windows)

## How to use
Using this application should be simple.  
Start by opening the data package folder using the menu strip on the top, after that everything else is done.  

You can open messages from a channel by double clicking the channel and you can copy messages by double clicking the message

# Stuff to know
* You will notice some channels called "null", these are channels that you have left/deleted/been kicked from. These names are not saved so it can not be displayed.  

* The channels are not linked to the servers they are from, this means it would not be possible to group the server channels up.

# Planned features
* Display attachments if an image - [Not completed]
* Display emotes - [Not completed]
* Swap between light/dark theme - [Not completed]
* Filter channels and messages - [Not completed]
* Search channels and messages - [Not completed]
* Show extra data (Members in a group, activity) - [Not completed]
* Option to output all messages into a text file - [Not completed]
* Cross platform (Linux/Mac) - [Not completed]

## Build With
* [Visual Studio Community 2017](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) - The IDE used to make the application
* [Json.NET](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) - Library used to handle JSON files
* [CsvHelper](https://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/) - Library used to handle CsV files
* My bare hands ÒwÓ

## Author
* Gabriel FM - Initial work - [genki-ai](https://github.com/genki-ai)

Commit message:

Installation header, readme
People were asking how to get it working.

README.MD, after:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/p6reklem37iyf0on?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/HyperGabe/discord-data-package-parser)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/HyperGabe/DiscordBot-SCP-079/blob/master/LICENSE)
# Discord Data Package Parser
An application that can parse through the discord data package onto a GUI to make it easier to read. [Learn more](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004957991-Your-Discord-Data-Package)

## Overview
This is an application that I have made using the WPF application with the [.NET Framework 4.7.2](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-framework-runtime)  
(This does mean it is currently only compatible for windows)

## Installation
[https://github.com/genki-ai/Discord-Data-Package-Parser/releases/](Choose the latest release), and download DDPP.rar. This contains the executable and all dependencies.
I hope you know how to extract a rar and run an executable.

## How to use
Using this application should be simple.  
Start by opening the data package folder using the menu strip on the top, after that everything else is done.  

You can open messages from a channel by double clicking the channel and you can copy messages by double clicking the message

# Stuff to know
* You will notice some channels called "null", these are channels that you have left/deleted/been kicked from. These names are not saved so it can not be displayed.  

* The channels are not linked to the servers they are from, this means it would not be possible to group the server channels up.

# Planned features
* Display attachments if an image - [Not completed]
* Display emotes - [Not completed]
* Swap between light/dark theme - [Not completed]
* Filter channels and messages - [Not completed]
* Search channels and messages - [Not completed]
* Show extra data (Members in a group, activity) - [Not completed]
* Option to output all messages into a text file - [Not completed]
* Cross platform (Linux/Mac) - [Not completed]

## Build With
* [Visual Studio Community 2017](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) - The IDE used to make the application
* [Json.NET](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) - Library used to handle JSON files
* [CsvHelper](https://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/) - Library used to handle CsV files
* My bare hands ÒwÓ

## Author
* Gabriel FM - Initial work - [genki-ai](https://github.com/genki-ai)
